echo on 
hdrstrip tmp\ABIOS.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\ACB.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\AUDIO.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\BASEDEF.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\BASEMAC.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\BASEMID.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\BDCALLS.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\BSE.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\BSEDEV.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\BSEDOS.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\BSEERR.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\BSEMEMF.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\BSEORD.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\BSESUB.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\BSETIB.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\BSEXCPT.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\CDAUDIO.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\CDAUDOS2.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\CODEC.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\DCB.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\DIVE.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\EVCB.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\EXE.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\EXE386.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\FOURCC.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\HMTAILOR.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\IORB.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\LAYOUT.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\MCDOS2.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\MCIAPI.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\MCIDRV.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\MCIOS2.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\MEERROR.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\MI.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\MIDI.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\MIDIOS2.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\MIDITYPE.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\MINSTALL.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\MISC.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\MMDRVOS2.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\MMIO.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\MMIOOS2.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\MMSYSTEM.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\MVDM.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\NEWEXE.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\OS2.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\OS2DEF.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\OS2ME.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\OS2MEDEF.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\OS2MIXER.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\OS2NLS.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\PERFSTUB.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\PM.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\PMAVIO.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\PMBIDI.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\PMBITMAP.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\PMDDI.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\PMDDIM.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\PMDEV.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\PMERR.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\PMFONT.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\PMGPI.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\PMHELP.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\PMMLE.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\PMORD.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\PMPIC.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\PMSEI.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\PMSHL.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\PMSPL.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\PMSTDDLG.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\PMTYPES.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\PMWIN.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\PMWP.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\QOS.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\REXXSAA.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\SCB.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\SCSI.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\SHDD.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\SOM.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\SOMBTYPE.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\SOMCDEV.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\SOMCLS.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\SOMCM.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\SOMERR.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\SOMNAMES.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\SOMOBJ.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\SOMTYPES.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\SPCB.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\SSM.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\SW.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\UMFORMAT.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\V8086.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\VCMOSPDD.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\VDMA.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\VDMBIOS.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\VDMM.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\VDMPROP.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\VDOS.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\VDSKPDD.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\VEMMXMS.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\VFDPFD.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\VFDVDD.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\VIDEO.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\VKBD.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\VKBDPDD.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\VLPT.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\VMD.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\VMDPMD.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\VPIC.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\VPMX2.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\VPMXPORT.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\VSDCMDS.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\VSQM.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\VTDPTD.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\VTIMER.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\VVD.H -b 
hdrstrip tmp\WINCFG.H -b 
